feat: support records (#200)
strata-org/jverify: docs/guide/src/supported_java_features.md

JVerify intends to support the full Java language, but is currently being developed and only supports a subset of Java constructs. The supported and not supported features are listed below. If you encounter unsupported features that are not in the unsupported list, please create a GitHub issue.

# Supported Java features
- All literals
- All operators

>   - Equality operators (`==` and `!=`) are not allowed when both operands' types could be String, a record, or a boxed primitive, *and* neither operand is a `null` literal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Equality operators (`==` and `!=`) are not allowed when both operands' types could be String, a record, or a boxed primitive, unless one of the operands is a `null` literal.
```

Reads clearer IMO.
